Modify S6105: Move to progressive education format (APPSEC-422) (#1519)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6105/common/fix/how-does-this-work.adoc

=== How does this work?

> Built-in framework methods should be preferred as these often provide additional security mechanisms. Usually, these built-in methods are engineered for internal page redirections. Thus, they might not solve the reader's use case.

Reviewer: I think this part mostly applies to the server-side version of the vulnerability. Even in that case, I find it obscure what "Built-in framework methods" are. Moreover, while "internal page redirections" might make sense from a server-side point of view, I feel it is less relevant on the client-side.
Also, this is not something that is showcased in the code examples.

Author: I agree that it is not demonstrated and perhaps is better left out. For the record, I wanted to imply that SPA frameworks such as React or Vue should be preferred over using your own client-side redirection.

Reviewer: Makes sense. Maybe something like this then:
```suggestion
Most client-side frameworks, such as `Vue.js` or `React.js`, provide built-in redirection methods. Those should be preferred as they often provide additional security mechanisms. However, these built-in methods are usually engineered for internal page redirections. Thus, they might not solve the reader's use case.
```

Author: Exactly! Thank you

In case the application strictly requires external redirections based on user-controllable data, the following should be done instead:

1. Validating the `authority` part of the URL against a statically defined value (see Pitfalls.)
2. Using an allowlist approach in case the destination URLs are multiple but limited.

> 3. Adding a customized page to which users are redirected, warning about the imminent action and requiring manual authorization to proceed.

Reviewer: I don't think this is relevant on the client side. Maybe a JavaScript-powered confirmation dialog is more pertinent in this context.

```suggestion
3. Adding a dynamic confirmation dialog, warning about the imminent action and requiring manual authorization to proceed to the actual redirection.
```
